c 1228 
14 

spy 1 



CONSTITUTION | 



"AMiaiOAB 
^sanation at Spiritualists 

RBSOLDTIONS 

FIFTH NATIONAL CONVENTION, 

Hald at Rochester, N. T., August SStfi to 28Hi, 1808, 
With an ADDRESS to the 
SPIRITUALISTS OF AMERICA, 



BOARD OF TRUSTEES OP THE ASSOCIATION, 




PHILADELPHIA: X 
Rawliuys & Zeislng, Pre., S. E. Cor. Fourth and Chestnut Stt. T 
1868. ft 



CONSTITUTION 



&H1BI0AH 
ffclHmUiitH af gptrttuattsts 

RESOHJTIOS8 

FIFTH NATIONAL CONVENTION, 

Held at Rochestev, Jf . T., August 35th to 28th. I86S, 

With an ADDRESS to the 

SPIRITUALISTS OF AMERICA, 
BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE ASSOCIATION, 



PHILADELPHIA: 
RawBnga & Zei«iBg, Pre., S. K. Cor. FoBrtb i 
18(18. 



INTERNET ARCHIVE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 



* OF CONGRESS 



M ' 

PREAMRLE AND CONSTITUTION 

4merican Association of Spiritualists, 



4 




5 



may appoint.* 

DORUS M. FOX, Prauicm 
HENRY T. CHILD, M. D., Secretary, 634 Rj.ce Sthbk 
M, B. DYOTT, Treaiurer, in Sodth SfOHo E 
BOARD OF TRUSTEES. 
ROBERT T. BALLOCK, New You. 

WARREN CHASE, 644 I 
HANNAH F. M. RKOWN. P. O. Drawer S9flU, CKicxt 



RESOLUTIONS, 

Adapted at tht Fifth National Convention, embodying tumtial truth, of Hod 



son tinned identity. 
^ ^»th, it m aJ 



LIBRfiRTOF CONGRESS 



6 



iato Mother i-nodit 
the experience* c r 

S Til .1 flu' gpiril 

qui present state o 



rather tl»a .mni. 



»nd (if the 
Kabte to n 
12. Ifi-r 



11. Tim 
rested iluti 
simply di* 



mux) be not -nly „ 
I WwoteO that n 
i»d Mother to nil 
nr.. nil brethren 



partake un; 


v .1,1 






are addressed 




(f past 
arce). 


to <■-■ indi' 


r ideal 


Jhich all iui 





LIBRARr OF CONGRESS 




INTERNET ARCHIVE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 



ADDBESS 
SPIRITUALISTS OF AMERICA. 




an irresponsible court of adjudication. This hypothesis severs the 
natural relation between the present and future state of being. It 
separates them by an impassable golfj and of tin* latter, quoting 

returns, li assumes a tuttil ilism jiliipii id 1 1 ■ ■. - divine order manifest 

in all else. Tt is not immortality, or a continned existence, but a 
new Kft, u life subject to wiff, and not, as here, to law. Iu order 

to realize its highest |.r -. s, a man need have neither perception. 

reflection, nor judgment. He has only to profess his belief in what 
is told him, by teachers whose whole course of instruction consist* 
in telling him what they have themselves been told. Accepting 
this mere story of salvation, he is warranted safe. Safe, because 
some one has mid that such is the "scheme of redemption," and 
some other one has believed the report, and repeated it to somebody 
else and so on, with no other though! hut to continue the repetition 
ad infinitum. 

In this life we see that the man succeeds the child ; and for all 
that is supposed to relate to maturity, childhood is made a state of 
preparation. But, by assuming the lite beyond the body to be 
wholly different, there ran be no rational preparation for it while 
in the body, and rftew i* nojw. This is the prominent error we 
would overcome. Life stands revealed to tu as a continuity. This 
is its childhood. Here it is to acquire the elementary rules— the 
fundamental principles which are never to fail it. And as in the 
commnn schnol. the boy counts his marbles by the name unfailing 
principle of numbers which, in his manhood, enables him to reckon 
his dollars, so have we learned that the principles which obtain in 
that maturer life which is beyoud the grave, will also solve all the 
problems which belong to this. In fact, they furnish the tmtj/ 
wenns of tokttioti, it is this which gives to Spiritualism its broad 
significance and makes it practical in the world, and it is the vital 
object therefore of the Organization we are considering, to com- 
mend it to the world's most candid and serious attention. 

It aims at the awakening of a supervision of humanity, which 
shall ante-date the birth of the individual ; and, when born, shall 
invoke all the aid which physical science, united to a knowledge 
of spiritual law, can give for the expremon of that individuality. 
Thus, in its educational aspect, it seeks to avoid and to correct a 



TEiHNET ARCHIVE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 



10 



Our efl'urt is : 



of our land has a dei 
h reason and justice I 
the subject is limit*. 



ttpotHrible, it , 
ie *orld deplo 



be iron grasp 
the evidence 



UBRARr OF CONGRESS 



; which shall aid. 1 



gospel of living fact, a: 
which shall bid him 
the granary of moder 



ctbod, ahull 
■y field that, 
reading the 
t. Matthew." 



which shall leave him 


free to mi 




Luther's, and Calvin's 


, and Fox's 


, and Channings, and Parker'*. 


incrivpiiviite with his o 


wo, for thi 


! purpose that lie may be not a 


Christian, a Calvmist, - 


l Quaker, t 


r a Unitarian merely, but a MAN. 


The world waits, Oh 


how it wa 


its I not for the coming Presbyte- 


rion, nor Methodist, nc 




of any type, but for this turning 


Man. It instinctively 


feels that 


it has enough of everything hut 


manhood. It has In ml 




ater enough; institutions enough 




1 and silvei 


in abundance, and the fruits of 


the earth in profusion ; 




happy. It is awaiting a nobler 



en/ man, with the sure iutuiti 
abundance be transformed i 



erished i, 
\ forth a 



But its 
thing bri 
GhUdhoo 
sect only 
these is in perpetual abeyan 
in the back part of the hen 
petually peering into iimt wii 
what somebody else is Hippos 
they know themselves, or c 
are typified by a certain ore 
to the pond, have nu legs i 
the least regard to causes, 
no reference to the amount 
do not concern themselves 



are to know. Their niauhood powers 
er of Batrachia, which, while confined 
mtb, They hope ior results without 
Like children who cry li>r candy, with 
of cupper in the piirental pocket, they 
with conditions, precedent Ab they 
accept it, God has finished his work and gone home to rest, by way 
of a brilliant example fur .'tei'iial idleness. 

The fear of truth oan never discover the truth. A man whu, 
while holding what he supposes to be a truth, refuses to examine 
any other tor fear it may unsettle his faith in what he has, is without 



12 

I standard of truth in Lis own soul. He mistake* n fictitious injury 
to bimaelf for i wound inflicted upon the invincible. More unfor- 
luuate still, thai which In- imagines himself in Lave iaud though it 

m true iu itself, i is not troth to him. Were ii tLe den stratum 

uf his ri wn consciousness, he would know that it never could be 
uusettled. This is (he condition of our popular religion. At the 
Lest, it mistakes tile memory i»f truth for the 0OOBcioU6It8gB of it — 
the power tu repeat, for t lie ability to understand. It repeats error 
lis glibly as it does truth, aad denounces all efforts al discrimination- 
It uieaus Well, but it does not kuow well. 

Out of that Nazareth no divine manhood Can couie. It is ouly 
possible through the Courage, the i tide pen den ee aud tile fidelity of 
those who, in dismissing all fear of truth, open their souls to its 
reception, through men and wowtiu who cau lay "side tradition, iu 
order to learu what their own observation ami inner experience have 
In reveal. These ui odes of knowledge huvc brought us m ntppvrt 
with tlif spirit-world, whence is demonstrated (he spiritual nature 
of man and the eternal fixity of law. That, to secure the welfare 
of being, attention must be had solely to -the laws of being. That 
he is the product of law— of the, divine order in uature— and not 
of miracle, aud is not to be saved by a miracle ; nor to be reformed 

JtCHUli*g il and obeying its suggestions as the veritable voice of God. 

Friends, these are among (he basic truths which Spiritualism is 
intended to cstnbli-h in this world. The organisation which we 
commend is simply (Lc machinery by which il is Imped to facilitate 
the work. The plan which we lay before you is the product of the 
natural growth of spiritual ideas. The t'ouveuliou which framed 
it : felt the pressure of the sentiment running thrunghoul its con- 
stituency, thai an effort, at least, iu this direction, must be made. 

acted^c'.cd ..nx-umusl,,- TL ^a-k i; ivi\~- . r '' Iti 
tLe sacred name of humanity, aud in view of its needs, you have 
virtually demanded of that Couveutiou, that it should work more 
and talk less. Il has obeyed you. More earned, thoughtful labor, 
was never performed by any Convention, for any purpose, in the 
Mime time. Sec to it then, we implore you, in behalf of the same 



INTERNET ARCHIVE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 



LIBRARY OF CO'njfiE^i 



ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 



.Society of spiritualists. 



D ECLARATION. 

W«. tli« underside J, feeling the necessity of B religious Urgauiiaiio" 
tree from the trammels of acct or dogma, while we leek after all truths in 
Science, I'liiliH.H'hv .m l Religion, and Yicf ievi up that in unity and asso- 
eialive action, under proper system aii'l order, these aspirations can be most 
IQCCettfully raaobed, hereby unite ourselves together as a fre» religious 
body, under the following Articles of Association : 

ARTICLE I 

Section 1. The name of Ibis Association shall be the 

Society of Spirltnaliiu. 
Sec. ]. The place of business meetings of this Society shall be (at or in) 
the (township, village or city,) 

County, State of 

Sio. 3. Any person may become a member of this Society by signing 
these Articles of Association, thereby manifesting a desire to lire a purer 
and better life; and any member may at any time withdraw from this 
Society without lieinjr squired to give a reason therefor. 

Sho. 4. members of this Society, of the legal age, shall constitute 

a quorum in all business meetings. 

ARTICLE II. 

Smth.-: 1. The Annual Meetings of this Society shall be held on th* 
in each year. 
I Meetings of this Society shall hi 
held on the of each month, at which time the Board of 

Trustees shall lay before the meeting such business as may be deemed 

transacted by them on behalf of the Society since the last previous report, 
including the stale of the Ireasury at the period of said report. 

S«0. 3. S]icci:il I'u.jine-a Mct-lings rnav be tailed by Ihc President, when 
deemed necessary by him, and shall be called upon the written request of 
live members, which reijuesl :ind call shall stale the purpose of said Special 
Meeting : Provided, That no business shall be considered at such meeting 
other than that let forth in said call. 



V OF CONGRESS 



ARTICLE HL 



Suction 1. At the first meeting of this Society tbeie shall be elected 
Trustees, who shall proceed to classify and allot to each the term 
of otBce, the full term being I'm three years, so I bat aboul one-third of said 
Trustees shall be elected each year. Trustees shall thereafter be elected 
at each Annual Meeting ol the Society, to till vacancies caused hy expiration 

office of Trustees may be tilled by election al any regul.ir meeting, dm 
notice having hc.-n j.ri-v iou-ly Jjiven, hereinafter provided. 

Sio. 2. All elections of Trustees slml! be hy ballot, two Inspectors of 
Election being selected from among ihc members thereof, to receive and 
couunt the ballots and declare the result. Notice of any election of Trustee., 
other than the Brit, shall be proclaimed by the President or some member 

Sec. 3. Said Trustees shall bo of lawful age, and chosen from among 
ihe member! of the Society. It shall be the dnty of the Inspectors of the 
first election of Trustees, after the adeipiiiiu of the^e articles, tu file with 
the Clerk of the bounty wherein said Society shall be located a duly certified 
copy of theFc arliehs. ir.gnhir with Ihe names of the charier members, 
the duly elected lirst Hoard of Trustees, and the clutlfication or the term 
of office of each, or to comply with the law in snch cases provided. 

ARTICLE IV. 

Section 1. A majority of the Board of Trustees shall constitute a quorum 
for business ; ami i hey -lii.il chousi- from among their number a President, 
Secretary and Treasurer, whose terms of office shall be for one year, and 
until their successors are elected. 

Sin. 2. The President shall preside, over all meetings of the Board of 
Trustees and business meetings of the Society, and only have the casting 
rota on all motinns before each body. He shall also perform all other 

called to the chair in all other meetings. 

Sin. 3. The Secretary shall faithfully record all transactions of the 
Board of Trustees and business meetings or the Society, which transactions 
■hall conform to the requirements of the laws of Ihe Stale under which 
this Society is chartered. All funds received on behalf of this Societj 
shall be entered in Ihe Secretary's record, and bj I lint officer paid over to 
the Treasurer, taking receipt therefor. Said Secretary shall also perform 
all other tunr-timi:- lielun^ ill 1 Lu the office, 

Seo. 4. The Treasurer shall enter into bonds wilh the Board of Trustees, 
for and in behalf of the Society, in such sum as may from time to time ba 
filed by said Board, conditioned tor llie liiiiliful periutnmuce of the duties 
of said office of Treasurer, and shall pay out the funds of the Society only 
an orders duly asecuted by the President and Secretary. 



'J J " I _ . . 'I'.. :_V. 



ARTICLE Y. 



StcTiox t. Tliie Society, bj- due vole tbi-rcuf, or of (lie Bnunl ol Trustees, 
may prriint certificate? ul iTiliiiiilii.u, cunli-rrm;: I lie I'lirictmn- mid powers of 



t Clerk of UM 



Adopted at 
ill the County 



M. B. DYOTT, Trtaturtr 114 South Skcqnd Street, I'hilji.elphia. 
BOARD OF TRUSTEES. 
ROBERT T. OALLOCK, Nmv Yoiik. 

WARREN CHASE, 544 BnoioWAr, Niw Tom. 
HANNAH F. M, BROWN, P. O. Dbawer G066, Chjcabo, Illinois. 

ALMON B. FRENCH, Cltdk, Ohio. 

GEORGE A. BACON, Boston, Mash. 

JOHN C. DEXTER, Iohia, Micihoas. 



V OF CONGRESS 



0 020 196 553 6 

- - 

} THE BANNER OF ttCHT, 

'|» A WEEKLY JOURNAL, 

f ISSUED AND ON SALE EVERY MONDAY MORNING f 
| PRECEDING DATE. 

J WK, WHITE 8. CQ„ Publishers and Proprietors, T 
^ LUTHEfi COLBY. Editor. LEWIS B. WILSOS, tmil Editor tf* 

f 

Subscription, $3.0U per Year, hi iiilrmtii: 

:< *r 

J OFFICES OF PUBLICATION. 158 Washington Street, Boston, Mass., 1 
and 544 Broadway, New York City, 

J;"' Win-re inn alwuj-s lie found a full supply of Spiritual iuiiI Liberal Books. T 

I T H E FEliSll'^ ACM* \ 

W A WEEKLY JOURNAL, 

f Dwtci In the Xpiritttul Philosophy, P»Hte Literate* ■•„./ # 

I <*— 

PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY MORNING AT LYONS. MICH., # 

BV tub 

^lirHipn £|,iritnitl i'ubiicaticm fflompanti. 4 

linRttS M. FOX. PfutflineXT. LYMAN B. BROWN, Se™ktihy. >£ 

0AKL08 D. HAMPTON, Ttiuuut, 
Tilt IM.Irail Kuilnrs Bill tie n?sisterl by a lnrg« corps of the sl.lfsi Writer* f 



J* tehm: or strsscaipras, s:.oo per yeab ; sis mouths, $1.00. \ 

»fc Invariably in Advance. 

|; ""SPECIMEN COPIES SENT FflEE.-fci All (urn. r..r PnMi. uM, or A 

^l. I 11 " 1 tin' e.i ii lh-imr 111, -1 M It ...Mi — 1 1„ Editors Frutnt Ago. 1 



" E 



\ 



